# Release 2021.11.10

## R Support

Saturn Cloud has a new type of resource, an _RStudio server_. These servers have the open source RStudio Server product installed so that R users can use a UI tailored to their language.

In addition to RStudio server resources, R can be used for jobs and deployments. This means Shiny applications and plumber APIs can be run on Saturn Cloud.

There are a few known limitations for RStudio resources:

* The auto-shutoff functionality is not enabled for RStudio resources, you'll need to manually shut them down. This will be enabled in a future release.
* The UI does not yet have inputs for which R packages to install. This will be added in a future release, but for now you can add packages at startup via the start script. Typically you'll want to use the command `Rscript -e "install.packages(c('packagename')))"`.
* While Python can be used across multiple machines on Saturn Cloud with Dask, R support is limited to single machine use (for now 👀).

## Other Improvements

* For Enterprise installations IAM roles can now be used to allocate permissions rather than IAM users.
* Kubernetes events data is now being saved on the backend for better debugging when resources have issues.
* The latest versions of Saturn Cloud images (2021.11.10) have been upgraded to use JupyterLab 3. Note that these images do not include `dask-labextension`, if you want that functionality please use earlier images. That extension will be added back at a later date.
* Users can now get their Saturn Cloud API token by going to their **Settings** page.
* Various bug fixes.